Implement BitBucket Operations using Git.
Task 1: Creating a Repository
● Sign in to your Bitbucket account.
● Click the "Create" button to create a new repository.
● Choose a repository name, visibility (public or private), and other settings.
● Click "Create repository."
Task 2: Cloning a Repository
● Open your terminal or command prompt.
● Navigate to the directory where you want to clone the repository.
● Copy the repository URL from Bitbucket.
● Run the following command: git clone <repository_url>
● Replace <repository_url> with the URL you copied from Bitbucket.
● This will clone the repository to your local machine.
Task 3: Making Changes and Creating a Branch
● Navigate into the cloned repository: cd <repository_name>
● Create a new text file named "example.txt" using a text editor.
● Add some content to the "example.txt" file.
● Save the file and return to the command line.
● Check the status of the repository: git status
● Stage the changes for commit: git add example.txt
● Commit the changes with a descriptive message: git commit -m "Add content to 
example.txt"
● Create a new branch named "feature": git branch feature
● Switch to the "feature" branch: git checkout feature
Task 4: Pushing Changes to Bitbucket
● Add Repository URL in a variable: git remote add origin <repository_url>
● Replace <repository_url> with the URL you copied from Bitbucket.
● Push the "feature" branch to Bitbucket: git push origin feature
● Check your Bitbucket repository to confirm that the new branch "feature" is 
available.
Task 5: Collaborating through Pull Requests
1. Create a pull request on Bitbucket:
○ Go to the repository on Bitbucket. ○ Click on "Create pull request."
○ Choose the source branch ("feature") and the target branch ("main" or "master").
○ Review the changes and click "Create pull request."
2. Review and merge the pull request:
○ Add a title and description for the pull request.
○ Assign reviewers if needed.
○ Once the pull request is approved, merge it into the target branch.
Task 6: Syncing Changes
● After the pull request is merged, update your local repository:
git checkout main, git pull origin main


